Add help to add a new repo (#31)
planemo-autoupdate/autoupdate: Adding_new_repo.md

# Adding a new repo to auto updated repo list

## What should be on your repo

> - If it is a workflow repo, each directory with a `.ga` should have a `CHANGELOG.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If it is a workflow repo, each directory with a `.ga` workflow file should also contain a `CHANGELOG.md` file.
```

> - If is is a tool repo, Tool version must contain @TOOL_VERSION@

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If it is a tool repo, tool versions must use the @TOOL_VERSION@ macro as explained in https://galaxy-iuc-standards.readthedocs.io/en/latest/best_practices/tool_xml.html#tool-versions
```

> ## What should change in this repo (can be changed writting a pull request)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What should change in this repo (can be changed by opening a pull request)
```

1. Add your repo info to [the workflow file](./.github/workflows/autoupdate.yml) in the `matrix/include` list.

> 2. Add the list of your skipped tools/workflows. It should be named: `${upstream_repo_owner}_${upstream_repo_branch}_skip_list`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the list of tools/workflows that should be skipped (if any) in a file named `${upstream_repo_owner}_${upstream_repo_name}_skip_list`.
```

## What should change outside of this repo (requires to be part of planemo-autoupdate organization)

This is what the reviewer should do before merging the PR:

> 1. Fork the repository with planemo-autoupdate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fork the repository under the planemo-autoupdate organisation.
```

> 2. Gives write access to `gxydevbot` to this fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the fork settings on GitHub, give write access to the `gxydevbot` account.
```
